API and YAML reference: Add missing `interval` field for policy automations (#38382)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Configuration/yaml-files.md

The `webhook_settings` section lets you define webhook settings for failing policy, vulnerability, and host status [automations](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/automations).

> - `interval` is how often policy, vulnerability, and host status automations are triggered in nanoseconds (default: `3600000000000` (1 day))

Author: ```suggestion
- `interval` is how often policy, vulnerability, and host status automations are triggered. Accepts values of `s` (seconds), `m` (minutes), and `h` (hours) (default: `24h`)
```
